feat: Add support for scraping istiofied workloads (#364)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/04-metrics.md

Put the following annotations either to a Service that resolves your metrics port, or directly to the Pod:

| Annotation Key         | Example Values    | Default Value | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|------------------------|-------------------|--------------- |---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `prometheus.io/scrape` | `true`, `false` | None (mandatory) | Controls whether Prometheus will automatically scrape metrics from this target.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: I was a bit bamboozled by the "None (mandatory)", because my first thought was that it's mandatory to have **_no_** value. 
I wonder if we should put the "mandatory" remark either into the first column (after the key) or into the "Description" column:

```suggestion
| `prometheus.io/scrape` (mandatory) | `true`, `false` | None | Controls whether Prometheus will automatically scrape metrics from this target.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```
or 

```suggestion
| `prometheus.io/scrape` | `true`, `false` | None | Mandatory. Controls whether Prometheus will automatically scrape metrics from this target.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```

> | `prometheus.io/port`   | `8080`, `9100` | None (mandatory) | Specifies the port where the metrics are exposed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: same here, about the "None (mandatory)" situation

| `prometheus.io/path`   | `/metrics`, `/custom_metrics` | `/metrics` | Defines the HTTP path where Prometheus can find metrics data.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | `prometheus.io/scheme` | `http`, `https` | If Istio is active, `https` is supported; otherwise, only `http` is available. The default scheme is `http` unless an Istio sidecar is present, denoted by the label `security.istio.io/tlsMode=istio`, in which case `https` becomes the default. | Determines the protocol used for scraping metrics — either HTTPS with mTLS or plain HTTP. |

Reviewer: nice!

prometheus.io/path: /myMetrics # optional, configure the path under which the metrics are exposed
```

> > **NOTE:** The agent can scrape endpoints even if the workload is a part of the Istio service mesh and accepts only mTLS communication. However, there's a constraint: scraping through HTTPS is exclusively viable Istio configures the workload using 'STRICT' mTLS mode. If this condition isn't met, scraping via HTTP is the alternative option, achievable by applying the prometheus.io/scheme=http annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** The agent can scrape endpoints even if the workload is a part of the Istio service mesh and accepts only mTLS communication. However, there's a constraint: For scraping through HTTPS, Istio must configure the workload using 'STRICT' mTLS mode. Without 'STRICT' mTLS mode, you can set up scraping through HTTP by applying the `prometheus.io/scheme=http` annotation.
```

aiming for simpler language and active voice

   1. Check which SDK version you are using for instrumentation. 
   1. Investigate whether it is compatible with the OTel collector version.
   1. If required, upgrade to a supported SDK version.

> - Symptom: Custom metrics don't arrive at the destination and the Otel collector produces log entries "Failed to scrpae Prometheus endpoint":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Symptom: Custom metrics don't arrive at the destination and the OTel Collector produces log entries "Failed to scrape Prometheus endpoint":
```

```
2023-08-29T09:53:07.123Z	warn	internal/transaction.go:111	Failed to scrape Prometheus endpoint	{"kind": "receiver", "name": "prometheus/app-pods", "data_type": "metrics", "scrape_timestamp": 1693302787120, "target_labels": "{__name__=\"up\", instance=\"10.42.0.18:8080\", job=\"app-pods\"}"}
```

  Cause: The workload is not configured using 'STRICT' mTLS mode.

  Remedy:

> 1. Configure the workload using 'STRICT' mTLS mode (e.g. by applying a corresponding PeerAuthentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure the workload using 'STRICT' mTLS mode (for example, by applying a corresponding PeerAuthentication).
```

   1. Check which SDK version you are using for instrumentation. 
   1. Investigate whether it is compatible with the OTel collector version.
   1. If required, upgrade to a supported SDK version.

- Symptom: Custom metrics don't arrive at the destination and the OTel Collector produces log entries "Failed to scrape Prometheus endpoint":

> ```

Reviewer: This is displayed as if we're removing the backticks. 
However, that's not what I'm suggesting - we should simply slap 2 blank spaces to the beginning of the line:

<img width="424" alt="image" src="https://github.com/kyma-project/telemetry-manager/assets/76950046/6d7df66c-7c1c-4624-90dd-415fcad7d672">

> 2023-08-29T09:53:07.123Z	warn	internal/transaction.go:111	Failed to scrape Prometheus endpoint	{"kind": "receiver", "name": "prometheus/app-pods", "data_type": "metrics", "scrape_timestamp": 1693302787120, "target_labels": "{__name__=\"up\", instance=\"10.42.0.18:8080\", job=\"app-pods\"}"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2023-08-29T09:53:07.123Z	warn	internal/transaction.go:111	Failed to scrape Prometheus endpoint	{"kind": "receiver", "name": "prometheus/app-pods", "data_type": "metrics", "scrape_timestamp": 1693302787120, "target_labels": "{__name__=\"up\", instance=\"10.42.0.18:8080\", job=\"app-pods\"}"}
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```
```

Reviewer: This is displayed as if we're removing the backticks. 
However, that's not what I'm suggesting - we should simply slap 2 blank spaces to the beginning of the line:

<img width="424" alt="image" src="https://github.com/kyma-project/telemetry-manager/assets/76950046/6d7df66c-7c1c-4624-90dd-415fcad7d672">

  Cause: The workload is not configured using 'STRICT' mTLS mode.

  Remedy:

> <div tabs>

Reviewer: for proper indentation, add two blank spaces at the beginning of lines 416-425
